in the dead of night steve is making one
final search for nocturnal animals
oh look it's gonna neck I think that's a
she she's very nice
absolutely extraordinary
three-dimensional web designed to catch
creatures coming in from all different
angles amazing thing is that the spider
that seems to created this is absolutely
weeny sturdy little thing in there
it's their last day looking for animals
in the canyon or care Gordon just to
check his camera traps cuz I think a rat
very nice but we don't want that another
rat he Scrolls further and further
through the tape and it reveals
absolutely nothing Please Please Please
Please Please Please Please Please
something's triggered the camera but
there's nothing on film running and
running and running with nothing
before they leave base camp tarah is
doing a counter up of all the animals
they've found you guys bins are on I
sought out silver leaf monkey Gibbon
Gibbon what about him blue back King
Cobra let's have the Roger Brooks bird
wing very nice this list is the first
step to making the official expedition
report they've recorded over a hundred
and twenty species of mammals reptiles
and birds a cause for celebration the
only disappointment for Gordon is that
his camera traps haven't found any
animals or so he thinks
as the team relaxes of that last night
party in the forest
Gordon's traps click into action at
first just another forest rat but
unabated pig snout in four roots and
words
and at midnight the camera captures one
of the strangest animals in Borneo the
tangela neither a cat nor a dog but a
unique type of carnivore that lives only
in the jungle
it's an impressive last-minute addition
to the list of animals that live in the
in back Canyon the team are now in no
doubt that there's a huge variety of
wildlife here and with protection it
could be a permanent home for Elephants
clouded leopards Gibbons and even the
orangutan